# AirCompany
“My-AirCompany” Description: the purpose of the program is to deal with management of a young airline. The program can create new objects of company such as plane (name, number of seats, name of seats), airport (city, name), passenger (name, surname, age, seat), flight (places of departure and arrival, data, time, passengers, plane). The program can create and delete orders, show information about flight, etc. Also the program calculates the income and statistics.

Requirements: the program is supported by windows.

Usage: the program offer you a choice. You need to enter a number of point. Commands: “create_flight <place_of_departure>  <place_of_landing> <departure_time> <Arrival_time> <airplane_number> <number_of_places>” – to create a new flight. Information is recorded in‘txt’ file. You need to enter city of departure and city of arrival, time of departure (the program indicates what you should enter). “info_flight” – to get information about flight. The program reads file, where the flight is recorded and show all information. “create_passenger <name> <surname>” – to add passenger. You can add a passenger to a flight. The program want you to enter name, surname, age, flight and seat (the program indicates what you should enter too). “delete_order <name> <surname> <place>” – to cancel a order of a passenger. The command makes a seat free. You should enter flight and seat. “info_plane <airplane_number>” – to get information about plane. The program read file, where is recorded the information.  
